Add OP 35 documentation (#142)
discord-userdoccers/discord-userdoccers: pages/topics/gateway-events.mdx

| [Create Speed Test](#create-speed-test)                   | Create a voice speed test                                              |
| [Delete Speed Test](#delete-speed-test)                   | Delete a voice speed test                                              |
| [Request Last Messages](#request-last-messages)           | Request last messages for a guild's channels                           |

> | [Search recent Members](#search-recent-members)           | Similar to OP 8, used for Member Safety.                               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Search Recent Members](#search-recent-members)           | Request recently-joined members for a guild                                 |
```

}
```

#### Search Recent Members

Used to search the recently joined members in a guild. Fires a [Guild Members Chunk](#guild-members-chunk) Gateway event with up to 1000 members that match the request.

###### Search Recent Members Structure

> | Field                   | Type       | Description                                 |
> | ----------------------- | ---------- | ------------------------------------------- |
> | guild_id                | snowflake  | The ID of the guild to search members for |
> | query ^1^               | string     | String that the username/nickname starts with, or an empty string to return all members |
> | continuation_token ^2^  | ?snowflake | The calculated token to continue pagination from |
> 
> ^1^ When a non-empty string the resultant `GUILD_MEMBERS_CHUNK` contains only one member.
> ^2^ The `continuation_token` is a member id calculated by the following Python pseudocode:
> 
> ```py
> from math import ceil
> from typing import TypedDict
> 
> SEARCH_CHUNK_SIZE = 1000
> 
> class State(TypedDict):
>   page_size: int
>   current_page: int
>   continuation_token: str | None
> 
> def calculate_new_continuation_token(guild_id: str, sorted_member_ids: list[str], state: State) -> str | None:
>   # `sorted_member_ids` is an array of member IDs sorted by their `joined_at` field (descending)
>   # You do not need to calculate a `continuation_token` if you haven't performed an initial Search Recent Members call,
>   # the array is empty until a `GUILD_MEMBERS_CHUNK` event received after a Search Recent Members call,
>   # sorting can be performed by converting the `joined_at` ISO8601 timestamp in the guild member object
>   # to a UNIX timestamp and sorting the result in descending numerical order
> 
>   member_count = get_guild_member_count(guild_id) or len(sorted_member_ids)
> 
>   sorted_member_size = len(sorted_member_ids) - 1
>   last_member_id = sorted_member_ids[sorted_member_size]
> 
>   minimum_chunk_size = min(SEARCH_CHUNK_SIZE, sorted_member_size)
> 
>   current_index = state["current_page"] * state["page_size"]
>   new_continuation_token = sorted_member_ids[current_index - 1] or last_member_id
> 
>   if not state["continuation_token"]:
>     return state["continuation_token"] if current_index < minimum_chunk_size else new_continuation_token
> 
>   try:
>     previous_continuation_token_index = sorted_member_ids.index(state["continuation_token"])
> 
>     if current_index > member_count:
>       return last_member_id
> 
>     if (previous_continuation_token_index - current_index) >= 0:
>       return state["continuation_token"]
> 
>     if ceil(current_index / minimum_chunk_size) > ceil(previous_continuation_token_index / minimum_chunk_size):
>       return new_continuation_token
>   except ValueError:
>     return new_continuation_token
> 
>   return state["continuation_token"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Field                   | Type       | Description                                 |
| ----------------------- | ---------- | ------------------------------------------- |
| guild_id                | snowflake  | The ID of the guild to search members for |
| query ^1^               | string     | String that the username/nickname starts with, or an empty string to return all members |
| continuation_token ^2^  | ?snowflake | The member ID to continue pagination from |

^1^ When a query is provided, results are limited to one member.

^2^ Pagination is based on the [`joined_at`](/resources/guild#guild-member-object) field descending. To paginate, you provide the member ID of the member that joined the earliest in the previously received [Guild Members Chunk](#guild-members-chunk).

```
sorry!

}
```

#### Search Recent Members

{/* TODO: improve description */}

> Used to search members for Member Safety. You can request up-to 1000 members per call

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Used to search the recently joined members in a guild. Fires a [Guild Members Chunk](#guild-members-chunk) Gateway event with up to 1000 members that match the request.
```

> The `continuation_token` is a member id calculated by the following algorithm
> 
> ```py
> from math import ceil
> from typing import TypedDict
> 
> class State(TypedDict):
>   page_size: int
>   current_page: int
>   continuation_token: str | None
> 
> search_chunk_size = 1000 # Max per call
> 
> def calculate_new_continuation_token(guild_id: str, sorted_member_ids: list[str], state: State) -> str | None:
>   # `sorted_member_ids` is an array of member IDs sorted by their `joined_at` field (descending).
>   # You do not need to calculate a `continuation_token` if you haven't performed an initial Search Recent Members call,
>   # the array is empty until a `GUILD_MEMBERS_CHUNK` event recieved after a Search Recent Members call,
>   # sorting can be performed by converting the `joined_at` ISO 8601 timestamp in the guild member object
>   # to a UNIX timestamp and sorting the result in an descending numerical order.
> 
>   member_count = get_guild_member_count(guild_id) or len(sorted_member_ids)
>   
>   sorted_member_size = len(sorted_member_ids) - 1
>   last_member_id = sorted_member_ids[sorted_member_size]
> 
>   minimum_chunk_size = min(search_chunk_size, sorted_member_size)
> 
>   current_index = state["current_page"] * state["page_size"]
>   new_continuation_token = sorted_member_ids[current_index - 1] or last_member_id
> 
>   if not state["continuation_token"]:
>     return state["continuation_token"] if current_index < minimum_chunk_size else new_continuation_token
> 
>   try:
>     previous_continuation_token_index = sorted_member_ids.index(state["continuation_token"])
> 
>     if current_index > member_count:
>       return last_member_id
> 
>     if (previous_continuation_token_index - current_index) >= 0:
>       return state["continuation_token"]
> 
>     if ceil(current_index / minimum_chunk_size) > ceil(previous_continuation_token_index / minimum_chunk_size):
>       return new_continuation_token
>   except ValueError:
>     return new_continuation_token
> 
>   return state["continuation_token"]
> ```
> 
> ###### Search Recent Members Structure
> 
> | Field              | Type       | Description                                 |
> | ------------------ | ---------- | ------------------------------------------- |
> | guild_id           | snowflake  | ID of guild to search                       |
> | query              | string     | A username of ID to search for              |
> | continuation_token | ?snowflake | Token/member ID to continue pagination from |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
###### Search Recent Members Structure

| Field              | Type       | Description                                 |
| ------------------ | ---------- | ------------------------------------------- |
| guild_id           | snowflake  | The ID of the guild to search members for |
| query              | string     | String that the username/nickname starts with, or an empty string to return all members |
| continuation_token ^1^  | ?snowflake | The calculated token to continue pagination from |

^1^ The `continuation_token` is a member id calculated by the following Python pseudocode:

```py
from math import ceil
from typing import TypedDict

SEARCH_CHUNK_SIZE = 1000

class State(TypedDict):
  page_size: int
  current_page: int
  continuation_token: str | None

def calculate_new_continuation_token(guild_id: str, sorted_member_ids: list[str], state: State) -> str | None:
  # `sorted_member_ids` is an array of member IDs sorted by their `joined_at` field (descending)
  # You do not need to calculate a `continuation_token` if you haven't performed an initial Search Recent Members call,
  # the array is empty until a `GUILD_MEMBERS_CHUNK` event received after a Search Recent Members call,
  # sorting can be performed by converting the `joined_at` ISO8601 timestamp in the guild member object
  # to a UNIX timestamp and sorting the result in descending numerical order

  member_count = get_guild_member_count(guild_id) or len(sorted_member_ids)

  sorted_member_size = len(sorted_member_ids) - 1
  last_member_id = sorted_member_ids[sorted_member_size]

  minimum_chunk_size = min(search_chunk_size, sorted_member_size)

  current_index = state["current_page"] * state["page_size"]
  new_continuation_token = sorted_member_ids[current_index - 1] or last_member_id

  if not state["continuation_token"]:
    return state["continuation_token"] if current_index < minimum_chunk_size else new_continuation_token

  try:
    previous_continuation_token_index = sorted_member_ids.index(state["continuation_token"])

    if current_index > member_count:
      return last_member_id

    if (previous_continuation_token_index - current_index) >= 0:
      return state["continuation_token"]

    if ceil(current_index / minimum_chunk_size) > ceil(previous_continuation_token_index / minimum_chunk_size):
      return new_continuation_token
  except ValueError:
    return new_continuation_token

  return state["continuation_token"]
```
```
Is `continuation_token` optional?

Author: No its not optional, but it is nullable

###### Example Search Recent Members

> ```json
> {
>   "op": 35,
>   "d": {
>     "guild_id": "957057010334048288",
>     "query": ""
>   }
> }
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```json
{
  "op": 35,
  "d": {
    "guild_id": "957057010334048288",
    "query": "",
    "continuation_token": null
  }
}
```
```
